update "Contributing process" chapter (#239)
pingcap/tidb-dev-guide: src/contribute-to-tidb/contribute-code.md

1. Assign the issue to yourself via [/assign](https://prow.tidb.io/command-help?repo=pingcap%2Ftidb#assign). This lets other contributors know you are working on the issue so they won't make duplicate efforts.
2. Follow the [GitHub workflow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/), commit code changes in your own git repository branch and open a pull request for code review.
3. Make sure the continuous integration checks on your pull request are green (i.e. successful).

> 4. Review and address [comments on your pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request). If your pull request becomes unmergeable, you need to [rebase your pull request](https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/wiki/How-to-Rebase-a-Pull-Request#perform-a-rebase) to keep it up to date. Since TiDB uses [squash and merge](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/about-merge-methods-on-github#squashing-your-merge-commits), simply merging master to catch up the change is also acceptable.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Review and address [comments on your pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request). If your pull request becomes unmergeable, you need to [rebase your pull request](https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/wiki/How-to-Rebase-a-Pull-Request#perform-a-rebase) to solve it. Since TiDB uses [squash and merge](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/about-merge-methods-on-github#squashing-your-merge-commits), simply merging master to catch up the change is also acceptable.
```
